### How to Compile

The Recommended Environment: Coq 8.15, OCaml 4.12.0

You need to add configuration files named `CONFIGURE` (case-sensitive, no file extension) in both the current directory and the unifsl directory to configure the Coq path. Below is an example of the configuration used in Cygwin:

```
COQBIN = /cygdrive/d/Coq-8.15/bin/
SUF = .exe
```

If you attempt to use Coq installed on Windows in WSL or PowerShell, be sure to provide the SUF configuration; otherwise, you may encounter an error like `/bin/coqdep not found`.

After completing the above configuration, you can compile using the following commands. The part before the colon indicates the current folder, while the part after the colon indicates the command being used:

```
. : cd unifysl
unifysl : make depend ; make
unifysl : cd ..
. : make depend ; make
```

Once the compilation is complete, you can use it as you would with any standard Coq setup.

### Introduction to Tactics Available for Use in Proofs

Note that in the proof conclusion `P |-- Q`, we refer to $P$ as the precondition and $Q$ as the postcondition. The premise refers to the Coq Hypothesis.

`Intros`: Introduce pure propositions from the precondition into the premise.

`Intros_any`: Instantiate existential variables from the precondition and introduce them into the premise, with names automatically generated by Coq.

`Intros x`: Instantiate an existential variable from the precondition as $x$ and introduce it into the premise.

`Intros_r_any`: Instantiate universal variables from the postcondition and introduce them into the premise, with names automatically generated by Coq.

`Intros_r x`: Instantiate a universal variable from the postcondition as $x$ and introduce it into the premise.

`Exists x`: Fill the existential variable in the postcondition with $x$.

`Exists_l x`: Fill the universal variable in the precondition with $x$.

`entailer!`: Automatically attempt to eliminate separation logic.

`sep_apply H`: Try to apply $H$ to transform the conclusion, typically in the form `P * Q |-- R`. It replaces $P * Q$ in the precondition with $R$.

`prop_apply H`: Try to apply $H$ to transform the conclusion, typically in the form `P * Q |-- [| R |]`. It adds the pure proposition `[| R |]` to the precondition.

`Left`: Transform `P |-- Q || R` into `P |-- Q`.

`Right`: Transform `P |-- Q || R` into `P |-- R`.

`Split`: Split `P || Q |-- R` into two branches: `P |-- R` and `Q |-- R`.

`csimpl`: Simplify notations.







